Overall i have had an extremely good week here at WebApps. I have learnt lots of new things both about programing and general skills that will help
me in the future.

----PHP----
Before i started this week i knew absloutely nothing about PHP. With the help of Josh and google i have managed to succesfully learn most of the basics
of PHP such as loops and declaring variables and i have also learnt how to input/read data from a database. I also learnt that PHP stands for
PHP Hypertext Preprocessor. I mainly struggled with PHP at the beginning because its syntax felt weird to me and i didnt know that you needed a 
server set up to use it. Which Josh helped me fix and now i feel confient that i could do this on my own. However now that i have used PHP more i am 
much more confident with it and am now able to do basic backend web development. I also learnt how to use hashing to store passwords safely and 
effectively and why not to use encryption, thanks to Craig.
I also learnt about how to use session variables and how they are important for tracking the state of something between web pages such as wether
the user is logged in or not. Furthermore i leant about detecting button clicks and seeing when the server was posting data and also running SQL 
querries. If there is one particular thing i thought i wouldn't be able to do at the start of the week it was wire up a form to actually do something 
and now i am extremely confident with it. Overall the most i have learnt about is PHP and it's great!

----MySQL----
Again before i started the week i hadn't done that much MySQL. I had touched on it using Python however this was quite a bit different. I leant about
all kinds of querrys, from creaing tables to displaing the data. Learning MySQL also taught me a lot about data types and the importance of choosing
the correct one. Josh taught me about joins and foreign keys and then i looked up on google how i would actually use/implement them. I definitely found
learnign MySQL much easier than learning PHP. Mainly due to the fact that the syntax is very similar to english and there being very few programming
concepts such as loops or if/else statements. Now that i know alot more about MySQL i am much more confident to start creating my own databases and
using them in my future projects.

----HTML----
Before i came i knew quite alot about HTML allready. However at WebApps i learnt about the importance of ordering your HTML correctly, i.e which tag 
needs to go before another tag. I also learnt how to use 'span' tags more effectively and learnt how to use PHP with HTML to display different things
depending on if the user is logged in or not.

----JavaScript----
I didn't use JS alot in my website mainly because i could use PHP for a lot of what i wanted to do with it. However i did learn how to change the 
webpage depending on a button press and in my earlier commits i did some form validation with JS however i ended up using PHP for this job in the end.
One thing Josh taught me about near the start of the week was ternary operatiors and how to use them. I think these are very efficient and i plan on 
using them in some of my programs in the future.

----CSS----
A lot of the CSS i did for the website was mainly trial and error. Because i knew CSS when i joined WebApps i jut used my existing knowledge to achieve
a lot of the things i needed. However i struggled when placing some elements and Josh helped me with placing the log in/sign up buttons on the right of
the navBar. I also struggled placing two forms next to each other and this is when i leant about 'flex' for the display property. I think my CSS skills
have improved and now i am alot more confident in building layouts for my sites that at least work in a mobile view.

----General----
Overall across the whole week i have larnt and picked up quite a few more tips. Josh has taught me to use GitHub much more for storing my projects and
that it is important as i can share what i do much more easilly and people can see all of my work. I also learnt how to use google for finding answers
or solutions to problems that i have had. And i also learnt to be less shy when needing to ask questions about something. At the start of the week i 
learnt how WebApps work as a company and got to see how they test a product and make a solution to a problem that a client is having. Most importantly
i learnt to ot be affraid of jumping into a new language and just to use google to help when learning new things. Before this week i never would of just
tried a new language i would have most likely come up with some sort of excuse e.g 'i eed to learn more about ___ before i start that.' And now i am 
confident that i can try whatever language i want and hoefully learn it quite well on my own.

----Thanks----
I want to say a massive thank you to Josh Cook for helping me out over the course of the week and pointing me in the right direction when i got stuck.
I also want to thank WebApps for letting me come for the week and helping me develop my skills. Thanks! 


